Mr. Lin, you don't like me, do you?
We got it right.
how
You can't go.
This guy is really into me
No.
I already have 4 babies, you marry one and get four free.
Beautiful You
I don't have a son for another man, I just want you
Mr. Li
The paternity test results for you and the young master are out.
I'll go first
i
Sorry to bother you.
The young master is indeed your son
Are you Brother Ogawa or our second brother?
Well, you are a scammer.
I am the second brother
This is who I am now
It's Yi Ogawa
You must keep it a secret for me
second brother
Is Li Xiaochuan our long-lost eldest brother?
Ogawa
Who do you say you are?
Big brother big brother wants to be apologized